---
title: "Harvard Business School Club Singapore Mentorship Program 2021-2022"
date: "17-06-2022"
categories:
  - Learning Process
tags:
  - Learning Process

---

***

<strong>Introductions to program</strong>

***

<em>Overview</em>
Harvard Business School Club of Singapore (HBSCS) partners with various partner universities and polytechnics to offer a mentorship program for its students. The program seeks to provide a meaningful mentoring experience focused on the personal and professional development of students over an eight month period that falls in line with the Singaporean academic calendar. 

<em>Program Themes</em>
The HBSCS Mentorship program anchors itself on a few core themes such as:

*Defining personal success and building self-awareness
*Developing an entrepreneurial mindset/Innovation and lateral thinking
*Business ethics
*Living in a cross-cultural world

<strong>Reflection of program</strong>

The following are my summarised reflections of the programme.

1.	Most of my preconceived notions about life (especially those from 2016 and before) were false. Thus, requiring me to implement massive paradigms shifts in my mentality to better live my life(for lack of a better expression).

2.	Building upon point 1, the world is more nuanced and more varied than previously taught. Therefore requiring me build new ways to observe and approach tasks at hand. Consequently allowing me to better empathize and sympathize with people around me. 

3.	Speaking of people. Ii would behoove me to start trying to connect with people on a more personal level rather than keeping things strictly professional.

