---
title: "NUS-ISE Business Analytics Case Competition 2023"
date: "19-02-2023"
categories:
  - Competition
tags:
  - Hackathon
  - Systems Engineering

---

***

<strong>Introduction</strong>

***
Beginning in 2012, the Industrial and Systems Engineering Club at the National University of Singapore has been hosting the NUS-ISE Business Analytics Case Competition annually. This competition brings together participants who are tasked with solving real-world business problems presented by industry partners. Upon receiving the case question, participants are required to quickly comprehend the issue, evaluate different scenarios and potential obstacles, and present a recommendation supported by quantitative analysis to a panel of judges within a limited time frame.

The industry partner for the NUS-ISE Business Analytics Case Competition 2023 is Micron Technology.

***

<strong>Disclaimer</strong>

***
All figures and numbers used in this competition are strictly arbitrary.  

***

<strong>The team</strong>

***
The team consisted of the following people, all of us were from Singapore Polytechnic(SP) taking a Diploma in Electrical and Electronic Engineering(DEEE)(As of 19 February 2023)

1. Khiu Kim Hong
2. Ngo Bing Han
3. Joshua Tan
4. Zhang Xian Yang 

***

<strong>Problem Statement</strong>

***

Memory is a crucial component in the technology industry, powering everything from 5G smartphones to the AI-enabled cloud. To meet the increasing demand for memory in the data economy of the future, Micron has announced plans to invest more than $150 billion in manufacturing and R&D over the next decade.

As a major supplier of DRAM and NAND memory chips, Micron Semiconductor has made significant investments in expanding its production capacity. This includes acquiring new plants, such as the Mega-fab being built in Central New York with an investment of up to $100 billion. Micron Semiconductor has also expanded its existing plants, including two expansions in Singapore and a recent announcement to expand in Boise, Idaho.

In this Business Analytics Case Competition, we will focus on strategically planning locations to further increase our production capabilities.

***

<strong>Challenge 1</strong>

***

To keep up with the rising demand for semiconductors, Micron is considering the construction of a new building. Two potential proposals, highlighted below, have been put forward in line with Micron's overall strategy. As planning engineers, we were assigned the responsibility of examining the advantages and disadvantages of each proposal. 

|Proposal 1| Build a new building connecting to the existing one. |
|Proposal 2| Build a new independent building. |